Let's start with the why in text format.
We are an engineering company called the Umbral Uplink Syndicate.
One day we are approach by a team of scientist that feel the need to study a farm on the far side of the moon. 
Their intentions being exploring the ability to grow food for any future space colonies. The interest arises from the unique materials that
can only be found there.

The scientists have already proposed their project with the government which are interested in the outcome of this experiment and already given 
funding for it. They already designed a light weight 20T module for which we are called upon to land it safely on the far side of Mun with no
intentions of returning it back to earth. Instead they require a permanent decent bandwidth 2-way communication link to the module. 

As we are space communication and transport experts we started with laying out the requirements:
- 20T Lunar landing no return
- Permanent Communication

The first part we are fairly certain we can achieve since the Saturn 5 missions 60 years ago managed to land a similar mass on the Moon (and return)
On the other hand the permanent communication can be quite a bit trickier. To this end we started with a feasibility assessment, a proof of principle.
We know that the far-side of the moon always remains the same as the moon is tidally locked to our planet, which must also mean that it's axis of rotation
should be perpendicular to the orbiting plane. Two problems arise, the line of sight (LOS) to the module from any point on earth is always obstructed by
the mass of the Moon and half of the earth's surface LOS to the Moon is obstructed by the earth itself. 
We make the assumption that we can use the earth's powerful satellite system to counteract the second problem making sure we always have a LOS 
to the moon. We also need to a something that can communicate with the farm. 
2 directions arrived: 
1. We deploy multiple transceivers on the near-side of Moon surface which connect to each other to eventually reach the far side of the moon.
2. We use a polar orbiting satellite to which is always in LOS of the earth and the moon. 

Both deployments require a difference in positional placement of the farm within the far-side of the moon.
1. Place the farm as close to the near side as possible to reduce the amount of relays needed
2. Place the farm as close in the middle of the far side to attain the lowest consistent gracing angle.

Currently the second option seems favorable but requires some measurements. The height of the polar orbit determines the minimal gracing angle which
in turn determines the height of the antenna receiver. if the antenna receiver length presumes to be possible it will make option 2 highly favorable.

Some geometry can help us solve this question, the sphere of influence of the moon is 2500km while it's radius is 200km. 